Claude/organize vsstudio w399e (#14010)
nextcloud/documentation: developer_manual/getting_started/vscode.rst

.. _vscode:

===================
VS Code Setup Guide
===================

This guide covers setting up Visual Studio Code for Nextcloud development.

.. note::
   VS Code is one of several IDEs you can use for Nextcloud development.
   Other popular choices include **PhpStorm** and **Vim**.

DevContainer (Recommended)
==========================

> The Nextcloud documentation and server repositories include VS Code DevContainer configurations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Nextcloud documentation and server repositories include VS Code Dev Containers configurations
```
